I caught up with my mother
People who kill our feelings
Who is it?
I say I say
They are Yue Feifan, go to hell
Ah!
Jinlong, you are really courting death!
I won't let you go.
Qiongqi's head has been chopped off by me
I'd like to see why he won't let go
That's not possible.
How could you possibly kill a poor family?
You must have lied to me, right?
You're already lying to me, right?
Do not believe
Open the bag yourself and see.
How could this possibly kill the Prime Minister?
This is your last chance.
The Ye family is the Ye family
Back then, the tiger black hand was the Ye family
The Taiji map that the Ye family held up in your family back then
They let us go and grab it
Where is the Tai Chi diagram now?
The Tai Chi diagram will be at the Wang Zhao Hotel tomorrow.
There is a mysterious organization auction
And it will be on camera tomorrow.
The Ye family will also bury people
This lord
I've said all I have to say
Can you let me go?
Collusion with the murderer
How can I spare you?
Damn let this difficulty run away
Zhao must find him for me